we're gonna talk about st. Augustine st.
Augustine told the story about Alexander
the Great he called a pirate he had the
pirate brought before him and Alexander
was like I'm a paraphrase here dude what
are you doing you're disturbing the
peace of the Seas and the Pirates like
dude what are you doing you're
disturbing the Peace of the whole planet
but because I do it with one ship I'm a
thief a pirate a robber because you have
a fleet while you're an emperor pretty
smart isn't it morally there's no
difference if you're attempting to use
force to plunder there's no difference
it's the same thing
it's why gets very disturbing when
people equate legality and morality when
people say well it's legal do it legally
that means enough it means nothing
what's the difference between a pirate
and a privateer ones authorized by the
state they do the exact same thing hey
man where's the wall leave me walk
Trump's wall nineteen hundred and fifty
four miles of a great big beautiful wall
where is it now there was already a wall
there where where's the new wall you
built the new wall where the old wall
was 78 miles you telling me that in
three years
there's not one new mile of wall not one
billions allocated took money from dld
disrupted the entire government process
for three years and not a single mile a
new wall mm-hmm
what are y'all doing and don't get mad
at me I'm gonna make this stupid promise
my viewers want to see a wall I'm out
here trying to be a good presidential
supporter not like I'm being extorted
into it or anything
hmm see up taking land trying to seize
land under the Declaration and taking
act that's the one where you can take
ranchers land without even discussing
paying them until after you're already
using it right yeah yeah
so yes Mexico didn't paid over the wall
huh I may can you come get me I might be
lost out here well howdy there internet
people it's Bo again I had intended on
doing something funny this morning but I
started trying to get through some of my
messages and there's a whole lot of
people asking me to dissect the
Fullerton incident the message that
caught my attention is Bo what the
happened in Fullerton if anybody can
tell us what this cop did wrong it's you
ok if you are new to my videos I'm a
very strong critic of police departments
and tend to rip apart their actions when
they use bad tactics there are some
pastors and I use that term loosely that
plan on coming down here to Florida and
going to the pulse nightclub on the
anniversary of the attack and
instigating something taking them up on
their dare quote picking a fight start
an argument after threatening people and
their videos if you look at through
their videos in the past they are
ridiculous like many criminals before
him the president has issued a threat an
ultimatum comply in two weeks or we go
after the families that's the American
Way I guess
the one thing I think everybody should
take away from this is that no it's not
the same as Nazi Germany history doesn't
repeat it rhymes and this is certainly
carrying the tune we are in occupied
territory the frontline is everywhere
anyway it's just a fault if you are not
aware
China has quarantined a pretty large
city and that can be unnerving before we
produce our response we should wait to
get the demographic information of the
first cluster of patients those that
didn't recover because that's gonna tell
us a whole lot about anything new
because in the beginning they don't
really know how to treat it they're kind
of guessing so those are going to be the
ones that are going to be hit the
hardest we have that information okay
one was forty to fifty one was fifty to
sixty five were sixty to seventy two
were 70 to 80 and eight were 80 and
older more than half had diagnosed
pre-existing conditions and serious ones
like Parkinson's coronary artery disease
stuff like that stuff that could
complicate any efforts to treat more
than half had known pre-existing based
on that this probably isn't the Doomsday
pandemic it looks like it's affecting
those that are already in some way
compromised now this is assuming that we
are getting all of the information
that's available with that they are
telling us everything that they know
normally they do because they want to
produce an abundance of caution
howdy there internet people it's Bo
again reporting live from the Mexican
border for the fifth column president
Trump has declared a national emergency
due to an invasion we've been down here
most of the night we have not seen any
signs of any opposition forces the
Pentagon has yet to tell us exactly
which country is invading however we
have seen what appears to be refugees
I'm sorry say again it sounded like you
said that was the invasion it was a
family of six confirmed
he declared a national emergency over
people crossing the border to legally
claim asylum who sent me down here you
get that idiot Justin on the phone I am
so done with this network we got friends
on the other side of the border we want
to build at all we need your help
engineering student he's a refugee
himself so he says okay and they start
looking and they find a factory and
inside that factory they can put the
entrance to their tunnel nobody will see
it
it's perfect they start digging doesn't
take long to realize they need help
so they recruit a couple more
engineering students and they've been
digging for weeks now trying to get to a
house on the other side of the border
that belongs to one of their friends
they're just gonna pop up in the middle
of it he doesn't know they're doing this
by the way and weeks go by they still
haven't even made it to the border they
realize they need better tools they need
more diggers and short they need money
NBC News decides to pay for the tools
besides to fund building this pump can
you believe that they have you got to be
real careful though because you're a lot
of patrols Border Patrol running up and
down that area and NBC had no danger to
themselves of course there they're back
on the other side at the exit the botamo
now filming this empty hole and they're
filming and filming and waiting having
no idea what's going on on the other
side the risk these people are under and
all of a sudden a woman pops out covered
in mud then a baby then refugees pour
out of this hole for an hour
it said that when Kennedy saw the
footage he cried he cried as those
people made it to safety in West Berlin
made it to freedom defeated that wall if
what the Republicans have been saying is
true is true they can completely cement
a 20/20 victory they can destroy this
narrative show that the Democrats just
politicize this whole thing and win in a
landslide
instead it sounds what happened it's not
what's happening at all the dog isn't
barking in one of sherlock holmes's
stories revolves around a horse getting
stolen and there was a dog in the area a
guard dog and when Holmes goes through
and he does all of his interviews nobody
mentions the dog when they're recounting
the events of the night nobody mentions
the dog it's the Curious Incident of the
dog in the night-time dog didn't do
anything curious in the nighttime
that's what's curious he should have
barked the dog didn't bark because he
knew the guilty person I'm fairly
certain that our senatorial dog
recognizes the guilty person anyway it's
just a thought
y'all have a good night